“You should never try to be better than someone else, you should always be learning from others



Good evening, Toastmasters and my fellow gaveliers!

Today I will be giving my second speech, which i am going to tell about history

My name is Adiba shaikh .



The United Arab Emirates (UAE) is situated in the Southeast of the Arabian Peninsula, bordering Oman and Saudi Arabia. In December 1971, the UAE became a federation of seven Emirates: Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al Quwain, Ras Al Khaimah and Fujairah. while the seventh emirate, Ras Al Khaimah, joined the federation in 1972.



The  Language of the United Arab Emirates Is Arabic.
The United Arab Emirates Is the World's Third Largest Oil Producer.
The United Arab Emirates Has the World's Highest Tower.
You Won't Find a River in the United Arab Emirates .


The United Arab Emirates is famous for its shopping, with a plethora of luxury malls and traditional souks. The United Arab Emirates offers everything from designer clothing to gold and spices.


Located on the eastern side of the Arabian , the United Arab Emirates, often abbreviated as UAE, is a federation known for its rich oil reserves, ultramodern architecture, luxurious lifestyle, and vibrant cultural heritage


Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan
Founder of UAE - Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
n 2 December 1971, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) was declared as an independent, sovereign and federal state.


Mr. Abdulla Mohammed Al Ma'enah
The Flag was designed by Mr. Abdulla Mohammed Al Ma'enah after he read an advertisement announcing a competition for designing the United Arab Emirates flag sponsored by Al Diwan Al Amiri Abu Dhabi. The competition was published in the Al Ittihad newspaper in Abu Dhabi two months prior to the declaration of the United Arab Emirates formation.


the UAE is the third-richest country in the world
Before its re-creation as the United Arab Emirates in 1971, the United Arab Emirates was known as the Trucial States, a collection of sheikhdoms extending from the Straits of Hormuz to the west along the Persian Gulf.


Explore the Natural Beauty and Culture of the United Arab ...
Serene Desert Landscapes

The deserts of the UAE offer a surprising and tranquil beauty that is unlike any other. From the rolling sand dunes of the Empty Quarter to the lush oases of Liwa, the UAE's desert landscapes are a sight to behold and can be a source of peace and relaxation.

Meat, fish, and rice are the staple foods of Emirati cuisine. Lamb and mutton are the more favored meats rather than goat, beef, and camel meat. Dates are usually consumed with meals. Popular beverages are coffee and tea, which can be supplemented with cardamom, saffron, or mint to give it a distinct flavor.


we love uae because of Safety and Security. The UAE is one of the safest countries in the world, with a low crime rate and a high level of social stability. The UAE's government invests heavily in ensuring the security and well-being of its citizens and residents, with advanced infrastructure, technology, and services.


On 14 May 2022, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan was elected as the UAE's new president after the death of Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan.


The United Arab Emirates is a union of seven small kingdoms, or emirates. The emirate called Abu Dhabi takes up most of the country's land. It stretches along the Persian Gulf, to the north. The other six emirates are in the northeast.


Many of the countries made rich by extracting oil reserves since the end of the Cold War, like Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, and others are now also considered economically developed First World countries.


Parts of Abu Dhabi were settled millennia ago, and its early history fits the nomadic herding and fishing pattern typical of the broader region. The Emirate shares the historical region of Al-Buraimi or Tawam (which includes modern-day Al Ain) with Oman, and is demonstrated to have been inhabited for over 7000 years.


Sheikh Zayed was elected by his fellow rulers as the first President of the UAE, a post to which he was successively re-elected at five-year intervals.


When you find yourself facing difficult times or feeling low, remember that you have the power to say, "This is not the way the story is going to end."
That concludes my speech. thank you 



























